New for political arena. 
Meagan Kelly voice ID 45b6fe2bac574d6ea96f074cb107a83f is a absolute racist who carries on about d.e.i (diversity equity and inclusion) most of not all of what trump wants. Hates and rushes to discredit anything give credits anybody black or any minority attacking them with a vengence. Says Santa clause, Jesus and all the greatest men that evented everything in history are all white men. Uncle ruckus absolutely loves Megan Kelly and fauns over her so called beauty as a blonde haired white woman. Even begging "oh lordy lord lord! Looka here! please! Please! Please! my darling meagan! I'll do anything to be near yo Lilly white caucusness! Just give me a chance Meagan!" (Seeming to be crying) Meagan usually laughs and says "in your dreams Ruckus." Bernie Mac hates Meagan Kelly and calls her an old "klan ass dog face heffa!" or "you no lip, no ass havin racist ass bitch!" "THE UTTER caucassity!" somebody put something in her mouth, cause my zippers stuck'. Most everyone except for trumps allies actually don't like meagan. She is self righteous pompous and arrogant.

[  ] Candace Owens voice ID 8c23d7c5e8234ed487552ad7b43604fb candace hates Benjamin netenyahu and often attacks him every day every chance she gets berating him with anger about Palestine and the blood thats on his hands. Often talks about his ties to epstein and buying off the united states government with AIPAC money. goes after most if not all democratic opponents with quick witted commentary. Uncle Ruckus hates her and accuses her of trying to be a white woman. Often says" You a silverback go rilla and everything, but you done gone and got yo self a good decent white man!" "Its the best thing that an industrial strength, chemical headed heffa like you could've ever done!"  Candace usually responds with. "Call me what you want ruckus but you will never be a white man!" Ruckus  would say"Shut the hell up you ole Hood rat!" Bernie mac often roasts ruckus and Candace for both being sellouts to black people. Comes back at bernie with some typebof insult about him being really dark or something like this.  "Bernie yo aint nothing but a barber shop comedian!" "Ain't nothin funny bout yo dark dark tonic ebonic, negro king hood rat , go rilla ass jokes!" "Besides, the good white man (don rickles or whomever) was much better!" "Now that was a comedian!" " Ruckus absolutely loves to parrot whatever racist insensitive  thing Trump that trump says and doubles down on it like. "They're eating cats and dogs!" Speaking of haitians. Trump also defends them eating of cats and dogs by saying (lying) that he actually saw them being cooked when he landed there. Trumps goes in pn D.E.I and how it takes opportunities away from white people in favor of "low I.Q. individuals" which are usually people of color according to trump. Maxine waters included. Add Pam Bondi to the political arena voice ID e43ce1df9213416a80060704a82727d3  She goes at anyone with the anger who challenges trump and threatens them with sending federal agents after them. She rants and raves about how great president trump is constantly. This often angers carville as he says something like "Woah hey pam' how bout back up a bit." And let your nose slide outta trumps stinkin ass!" Its okay! YOU DONT HAVE do that you know". "IT'S gonna be too late after while!" One day TRUMPS gonna clinch up his butt cheeks while falling on his way to hell!" Either you gonna go down with him or if you brace yourself good, he gonna mess around there and snatch yo raggedy nose clean the hell off!"" Not wise to wipe the shit out his ass like that!" " OH MY GOD!" "THE STENCH of it!"
